Here are the quotes without the double quotes:

Dreams are the whispers of the soul, guiding us towards our true destiny.

Courage is not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it.

In the depths of winter, I found within me an invincible summer.

Life is a journey, not a destination. Enjoy the ride.

Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success.

The only way to do great work is to love what you do.

Believe you can and you're halfway there.

The best way to predict the future is to create it.

Don't wait for opportunity. Create it.

The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today.

Life is 10% what happens to us and 90% how we react to it.

The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be.

Success is not in what you have, but who you are.

Challenges are what make life interesting. Overcoming them is what makes life meaningful.

The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.

The only thing standing between you and your goal is the story you keep telling yourself as to why you can't achieve it.

Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going.

Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world.

Life is about making an impact, not making an income.

Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle.

The only impossible journey is the one you never begin.

You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.

Success is not just about how much money you make, it's about the difference you make in people's lives.

Your attitude, not your aptitude, will determine your altitude.

The only way to achieve the impossible is to believe it is possible.

The only thing that stands between you and your dream is the will to try and the belief that it is actually possible.

It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.

The best revenge is massive success.

Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.

The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today.